# Northeastern University URLs for Scraper
# Extracted from urls.txt - All official Northeastern domains

# Main University Websites
https://northeastern.edu
https://www.northeastern.edu

# Student Portal and Services
https://me.northeastern.edu
https://about.me.northeastern.edu/student-hub/
https://about.me.northeastern.edu/home/

# Academic Resources
https://catalog.northeastern.edu
https://registrar.northeastern.edu
https://library.northeastern.edu

# Student Life and Services
https://studentlife.northeastern.edu

# Admissions and Application
https://admissions.northeastern.edu
https://admissions.northeastern.edu/application-information/
https://admissions.northeastern.edu/application-information/how-to-apply/
https://admissions.northeastern.edu/application-information/admissions-deadlines-decisions/
https://admissions.northeastern.edu/application-information/international-applicants/
https://admissions.northeastern.edu/application-information/application-status-check/
https://admissions.northeastern.edu/visit/counselor-resources/
https://admissions.northeastern.edu/student-life/housing-residential-life/
https://admissions.northeastern.edu/student-life/student-clubs-and-organizations/
https://admissions.northeastern.edu/student-life/dining-on-campus/
https://admissions.northeastern.edu/student-life/athletics-and-fitness/

# Graduate Admissions
https://graduate.northeastern.edu
https://graduate.northeastern.edu/admissions-information/how-to-apply/the-process/
https://graduate.northeastern.edu/admissions-aid/tuition-financial-aid/

# Financial Aid and Cost Information
https://admissions.northeastern.edu/cost-financial-aid/financial-aid-for-admitted-students/

# Academic Policies and Procedures
https://registrar.northeastern.edu/group/registration-classes/
https://registrar.northeastern.edu/group/registration/
https://registrar.northeastern.edu/types/form/

# Academic Catalog Resources
https://catalog.northeastern.edu/undergraduate/academic-policies-procedures/registration-taking-courses/
https://catalog.northeastern.edu/undergraduate/academic-policies-procedures/graduation-requirements/
https://catalog.northeastern.edu/undergraduate/university-academics/university-wide-requirements/
https://catalog.northeastern.edu/undergraduate/academic-policies-procedures/cooperative-education/
https://catalog.northeastern.edu/graduate/engineering/academic-policies-procedures/course-registration-withdrawal/
https://catalog.northeastern.edu/graduate/professional-studies/academic-policies-procedures/completing-degree-requirements/
https://catalog.northeastern.edu/undergraduate/information-entering-students/residential-life/

# Housing and Residential Life
https://housing.northeastern.edu
https://housing.northeastern.edu/university-housing/
https://housing.northeastern.edu/applyselect/
https://housing.northeastern.edu/rates/
https://housing.northeastern.edu/fall-selection/
https://housing.northeastern.edu/contact-us/

# Off-Campus Housing
https://aptsearch.northeastern.edu

# Student Financial Services
https://studentfinance.northeastern.edu
https://studentfinance.northeastern.edu/billing-payments/tuition-and-fees/
https://studentfinance.northeastern.edu/applying-for-aid/undergraduate/how-to-apply/
https://studentfinance.northeastern.edu/applying-for-aid/undergraduate/types-of-aid/scholarships/
https://studentfinance.northeastern.edu/applying-for-aid/international-students/

# Meal Plans and Husky Card
https://huskycard.northeastern.edu/meal-plan-2024/

# Health and Wellness
https://www.northeastern.edu/uhcs/
https://uhcs.northeastern.edu/counseling-services/
https://www.northeastern.edu/uhcs/counseling-services/what-to-expect-behavioral-health/

# Technology Services
https://its.northeastern.edu
https://its.northeastern.edu/nuwave-guest-confirmation/
https://connect-to-tech.northeastern.edu/students/
https://connect-to-tech.northeastern.edu/staff/

# Library and Research
https://library.northeastern.edu/ideas/about-snell-library/
https://library.northeastern.edu/ideas/about-snell-library/hours/
https://library.northeastern.edu/ask-a-librarian/
https://library.northeastern.edu/contact-us/
https://library.northeastern.edu/library-locations/library-hours/
https://library.northeastern.edu/about/visitors/hours
https://library.northeastern.edu/alumni/
https://northeastern.libanswers.com/
https://northeastern.libanswers.com/faq/331809
https://northeastern.libanswers.com/faq/141750

# Co-op and Experiential Learning
https://www.northeastern.edu/experiential-learning/co-op/
https://www.northeastern.edu/the-co-op-process-from-start-to-finish/
https://www.northeastern.edu/3-typical-co-op-schedules/
https://careers.northeastern.edu/students/student-co-op/global-co-op/

# College-Specific Co-op Information
https://cos.northeastern.edu/experiential-learning/cooperative-education/
https://cssh.northeastern.edu/academics/co-op/
https://coe.northeastern.edu/academics-experiential-learning/graduate-school-of-engineering/graduate-student-services/course-registration/

# Student Organizations and Activities
https://neu.campuslabs.com/engage/organizations

# College-Specific Organizations
https://coe.northeastern.edu/academics-experiential-learning/co-op-experiential-learning/clubs-organizations/
https://cos.northeastern.edu/college-of-science-life/student-organizations/
https://damore-mckim.northeastern.edu/current-students/experience/clubs-organizations/

# Academic Advising and Support
https://cssh.northeastern.edu/resources/make-an-appointment-for-academic-advising/
https://cssh.northeastern.edu/resources/undergraduate-advising/
https://cos.northeastern.edu/college-of-science-life/advising-student-resources/
https://damore-mckim.northeastern.edu/current-students/advising/
https://bouve.northeastern.edu/academics/student-services/
https://coe.northeastern.edu/academics-experiential-learning/graduate-school-of-engineering/graduate-student-services/
https://undergraduate.northeastern.edu/mentoring-advising/

# Professional Studies
https://cps.northeastern.edu/current-students/
https://cps.northeastern.edu/current-students/registering-for-classes/
https://cps.northeastern.edu/current-students/academic-and-career-advising-staff/

# International Services
https://international.northeastern.edu/student-support/
https://international.northeastern.edu/ogs/contact/
https://international.northeastern.edu/ogs/student-support/
https://international.northeastern.edu/ogs/current-students/traveling/
https://international.northeastern.edu/ogs/forms-and-guides/travel-signature-request/
https://international.northeastern.edu/ogs/new-students/i-20-ds-2019-application/prearrivali20/
https://international.northeastern.edu/ogs/employment/off-campus-employment/f-1-pre-completion-opt/
https://international.northeastern.edu/ogs/employment/off-campus-employment/applying-for-post-completion-opt-f-1/
https://international.northeastern.edu/ogs/ogs-forms-and-guides/
https://international.northeastern.edu/ogs/student-support/resources/transportation-safety/

# Alumni Services
https://alumni.northeastern.edu/resources/benefits/
https://alumni.northeastern.edu/networks/nusource/
https://alumni.northeastern.edu/co-op-mentor-program/
https://alumni.northeastern.edu/opportunities/career-help/
https://alumni.northeastern.edu/opportunities/access-northeastern-account/

# Alumni Recreation
https://recreation.northeastern.edu/alumni/

# Diversity and Inclusion
https://cultural-life.northeastern.edu/
https://www.northeastern.edu/cultural-life/services/
https://diversity.northeastern.edu/initatives/centers/

# Cultural Centers
https://jdoaai.sites.northeastern.edu/
https://www.northeastern.edu/aai/
https://northeastern.edu/diversity/initiatives/john-d-obryant-african-american-institute/
https://nuplace.northeastern.edu/partner/aai/

# Safety and Security
https://nupd.northeastern.edu/contact-us/how-to-reach-nupd/
https://nupd.northeastern.edu/safety/emergency-planning/
https://nupd.northeastern.edu/safety-notifications/
https://nupd.northeastern.edu/safety-support-network/

# Recreation and Athletics
https://recreation.northeastern.edu/intramural-sports/

# Facilities and Campus Information
https://facilities.northeastern.edu/campus-map/
https://pref.northeastern.edu/new-blue-bikes-station/

# Arts and Culture Venues
https://calendar.northeastern.edu/gallery_360
https://camd.northeastern.edu/cfa/center-for-the-arts-exhibitions/

# Special Programs
https://nuin.northeastern.edu/coursereg/

# News and Information
https://news.northeastern.edu
https://huntnewsnu.com 